# First time installation

    Configuration first time:

    If .app domain is used or other domain that requires HTTPS:
        1.Start server and enter [domain/localhost]/admin so default /config/config.json is created
        2.Edit /config/config.json and enable HTTPS:
        {
        "HTTPS_ENABLE": "1",
        "COMMENT": ""
        }
        3.also verify correct SSL files, here with default values:
        {
        "HTTPS_KEY": "/config/ssl/privkey.pem",
        "COMMENT": ""
        },
        {
        "HTTPS_CERT": "/config/ssl/fullchain.pem",
        "COMMENT": ""
        },
        4. restart server


    Enter [domain/localhost]/admin.
    Set admin username and password first time.	
    

# Restart NodeJS if needed
    pm2 restart all

# Apps configured: 
    [domain/localhost]
    admin.[domain/localhost]
    app2.[domain/localhost]
    app3.[domain/localhost]
    app4.[domain/localhost]
    app5.[domain/localhost]
    app6.[domain/localhost]


# Server configuration
    
    1.Enter as admin at https://admin.localhost or https://admin.[DOMAIN]

    2.Choose to install database data from menu and check optional translation records.
      Username and passwords are displayed when installation finishes.

    3.Restart NodeJs if not using default SQLite database
    
    4.Enter https://admin.localhost or https://admin.[DOMAIN]
      The system admin is using icon with configuration symbol and configures the server.

    5.Login as superadmin created by database installation to configure and monitor apps.
      The superadmin user can update users and give admin or superadmin role to users.
      Admin role can only view users.
      Review app parameters.
      Set copyright text, email in client, email in server info and system admin database username and password if needed.
      Install or uninstall demo users if needed.

    6.Login as admin username created first time to configure and monitor server.
      All parameters might not be visible in the admin app and are visible and editable directly if needed in these files:
      /config/app.json
      /config/server.json

# Notes about sign in provider
    Disabled support because providers not supporting single page application (SPA).
    Project only allows SPA, however datamodel and all SPA support provider usage for future use
    and to display how to integrate external user providers.

    TABLE identity_provider
    ID PROVIDER_NAME API_SRC API_SRC2 	API_VERSION API_ID 	IDENTITY_PROVIDER_ORDER ENABLED
    1  Provider1		url		js file		version		api key	1						0/1
    2  Provider2		url		js file		version		api key	2						0/1

    if enabled = 1 then button for this provider will be shown in login screen in apps
    and login automatically without being asked for password to show how using third party
    sign provider should work in SPA.