# Server parameters

    If .app domain is used or other domain that requires HTTPS:
        1.Start server and enter [domain/localhost]/admin so default /config/config.json is created
        2.Edit /config/config.json and enable HTTPS:
        {
        "HTTPS_ENABLE": "1",
        "COMMENT": ""
        }
        3.also verify correct SSL files, here with default values:
        {
        "HTTPS_KEY": "/config/ssl/privkey.pem",
        "COMMENT": ""
        },
        {
        "HTTPS_CERT": "/config/ssl/fullchain.pem",
        "COMMENT": ""
        },
        4. restart server


    Enter [domain/localhost]/admin.
    Set admin username and password first time.	
    Set server parameters from menu as needed. 
    Default database is MariaDB on localhost on port 3307.
    See comments for explanation.	
    All files should be relative to root of /app_portfolio.
    If path outside directory then use ln for linux or mklink for windows.

    Configuration files are saved in app_portfolio/config directory and are all in JSON format.
    Backup file with modified date of old config file is always saved each time updating a configuration.
    Edit manually on server if something is configured wrong and crashes the server
    or remove all files in app_portfolio/config and restart server to start configuration again.

    When database and server configured, change basic parameters to start apps and default database
    with default admin password. Enable SSL with HTTPS_ENABLE if ssl files created in previous step
    and verify HTTPS_KEY and HTTPS_CERT paths are correct.

    SERVER
        APP_START = 1
        HTTPS_ENABLE=1
    SERVICE DB
        START = 1

# Restart NodeJS if changing APP_START, database or HTTPS/SSL parameters
    pm2 restart all

# Apps configured: 
    [domain/localhost]/admin
    [domain/localhost]
    app2.[domain/localhost]
    app3.[domain/localhost]
    
# Temporary cache directory for Puppeteers
    /service/pdf/tmp
    empty cache when needed